docs: add release notes for 0.21.1 (#6526)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Version 0.21
**************

Version 0.21.1
==============

**Release Date:** April 11, 2023

**Breaking Change**

-  Remove old master logs `/logs` endpoint. Users should use `/api/v1/master/logs` instead.

**Bug Fixes**

> -  Fix an issue where ``task_container_defaults`` for the default resource pools where not respected
>    for the experiments and tasks unless they specified the resource pool name explicitly, which has
>    been introduced in 0.19.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Fix an issue introduced in version 0.19.9 where ``task_container_defaults`` for the default resource pools were not respected
   for experiments and tasks unless they specified the resource pool name explicitly.
```

-  Checkpoints: Fix an issue where checkpoint insertion on a cluster with a lot of checkpoints and
   reported metrics could take a long time.

**Deprecated Features**

-  HDFS checkpoint storage support has been deprecated and will be removed in a future version.
   Please contact Determined if you still need it, or else migrate to an different storage backend.

**Improvement**

> -  Cluster: HPC Launcher support for JVM resource configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Cluster: Add HPC Launcher support for JVM resource configuration.
```

>    -  The master configuration ``resource_manager.launcher_jvm_args`` can be used to override the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  The master configuration option ``resource_manager.launcher_jvm_args`` can be used to override the
```

>       default HPC launcher JVM heap configuration. This support requires HPC Launcher version 3.2.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      default HPC Launcher JVM heap configuration. This support requires HPC Launcher version 3.2.6
```

      or greater.

**New Features**

-  Python SDK: Adds methods for efficient export of training and validation metrics to the Python
   SDK. The methods are listed below.

   -  :meth:`~determined.experimental.client.stream_trials_training_metrics`
   -  :meth:`~determined.experimental.client.stream_trials_validation_metrics`
   -  :meth:`~determined.experimental.client.TrialReference.stream_training_metrics`
   -  :meth:`~determined.experimental.client.TrialReference.stream_validation_metrics`

**Removed Features**

-  Separate ``det-deploy`` executable was deprecated in 0.15.0 (April 2021) and is now removed. Use

>    ``det deploy`` subcommand instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the ``det deploy`` subcommand instead.
```
